There's a key point that I want to make sure I make before we start this course together.
Radiologists are really good at their jobs.
They're trained for years to be able to accurately assess
images from all different types of imaging modalities that assess
every cubic inch of the human body so that they can
rapidly diagnose tens of thousands of diseases and disorders.
It is truly remarkable to watch a trained radiologist in action.
To this end, what I want to make clear is that AI should
not be thought of something that should be used to replace the radiologist,
at least not in 2020.
You may be able to develop an algorithm that performs
better than a radiologist in a very specific setting,
but as you will learn throughout this course,
your algorithm needs to perform well on lots of different data sets,
in lots of different settings to really stand the test
of becoming a tool that can be deployed into a clinical setting.
To that end, you should think of AI as
something that you create to make the lives of radiologists and
other clinicians involved better and more
able to do their jobs rather than something to replace them.